AI #909: SkuPriceDetails req. fix -  prefer FOCUS-defined over Provider-defined properties (#910)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/skupricedetails.md

* When SkuPriceDetails is not null, SkuPriceDetails adheres to the following additional requirements:
  * SkuPriceDetails MUST be associated with a given SkuPriceId.
  * SkuPriceDetails MUST NOT include properties that are not applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.

>   * SkuPriceDetails MUST include all FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties listed below that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.

Reviewer: This is a very significant change because it goes from being a "best effort" for providers to fill in properties to being mandatory.

Author: I agree. While MUST is our north star, we're not there yet — reverting back to SHOULD.

>   * SkuPriceDetails MUST include all FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties listed below that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.

Author: ```suggestion
  * SkuPriceDetails SHOULD include all FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties listed below that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.
```

  * SkuPriceDetails MUST be associated with a given SkuPriceId.
  * SkuPriceDetails MUST NOT include properties that are not applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.
  * SkuPriceDetails SHOULD include all FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties listed below that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.

>   * SkuPriceDetails SHOULD include all Provider-defined SKU Price properties that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId when there is no equivalent FOCUS-defined property.

Reviewer 2: This is a different requirement than the original version. The original is saying that the FOCUS property has to be there, even if a provider has a custom property. The new states that all custom properties should be added.

I don't have a problem with the new requirement, but I think we need to keep the old one as well.

I changed "provider-defined" to "custom" to account for data generators adding custom columns in addition to providers. 
```suggestion
* SkuPriceDetails MUST include the FOCUS-defined SKU Price property when an equivalent property is included as a custom property.
  * SkuPriceDetails SHOULD include all custom SKU Price properties that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId when there is no equivalent FOCUS-defined property.
```

Author: Good catch on the custom vs. Provider-defined distinction. I’ll update line 69 too, where Provider-defined keys are mentioned.

Regarding the normative requirements, I’ll post a follow-up question/suggestion.

Reviewer 3: I like Michael's suggestion here - keeping it the same but clarifying for the custom property for generators.

  * SkuPriceDetails MUST be associated with a given SkuPriceId.
  * SkuPriceDetails MUST NOT include properties that are not applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.
  * SkuPriceDetails SHOULD include all FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties listed below that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.

>   * SkuPriceDetails MUST include the FOCUS-defined SKU Price property when an equivalent property is included as a custom property.

Author: @flanakin @kk09v @rileyjenk Can you remind me why we specified SHOULD instead of MUST here?

> * SkuPriceDetails SHOULD include all FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties listed below that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.

I suggest we consider specifying that **any FOCUS-defined property MUST be included if applicable, rather than relying on whether it has already been included as a Provider-defined property**.

In other words, I propose replacing this:

> * ~~SkuPriceDetails SHOULD include all FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties listed below that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.~~
>  * ~~SkuPriceDetails MUST include the FOCUS-defined SKU Price property when an equivalent property is included as a custom property.~~

with this:

>  * SkuPriceDetails MUST include all FOCUS-defined SKU Price properties listed below that are applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.

Reviewer 4: @ijurica Please do resolve this comment one way or the other before Member review on Thursday!

Author: Resolving due to lack of feedback; presenting PR in current state (two approvals) at Members meeting (Aug-28). 
Follow-up PR may be created.
